Update docs for auth refactor (#1865)
astronomer/docs: astro/add-user.md

---
sidebar_label: 'Manage users'
title: 'Manage Astro users'
id: add-user
description: Add, edit, or remove users in the Cloud UI.
---

As a Workspace Admin or Organization Owner, you can add new team members to Astro and grant them user roles with permissions for specific actions across your Organization. Workspace Admins can remove users from a Workspace, and Organization Owners can remove users from an Organization.

## Prerequisites

- To add, edit, or remove Organization users, you need Organization Owner permissions.
- To add edit, or remove Workspace users, you need Workspace Admin permissions for a given Workspace. The user must also already be a part of the Organization that hosts the Workspace.
- To remove yourself from an Organization as an Organization Owner, one or more Organization Owners must be assigned to the Organization. If you're the only Organization Owner for your Organization, you'll need to assign another Organization Owner before removing yourself from the Organization.

For more information on user roles, see [Manage user permissions on Astro](user-permissions.md).

## Add a user to an Organization

> If your Organization has a configured identity provider, then by default anyone who has an email from a domain that you manage can join your Organization as an Organization Member without an invite. See [Configure just-in-time provisioning for single sign-on](manage-organization.md#configure-just-in-time-provisioning-for-single-sign-on).

Author: ```suggestion
If your Organization has a configured identity provider (IdP), assign users to Astro from your identity provider. By default, any users that you assign can join your Organization as an Organization Member without an invite. See [Configure just-in-time provisioning for single sign-on](manage-organization.md#configure-just-in-time-provisioning-for-single-sign-on).
```

3. Enter the user's email.

4. Set an Organization role for the user. See [User permissions](user-permissions.md).

5. Click **Add member**.

    After you add the user, their information appears in the **Access** tab as a new entry in the **Members** table. To access the Organization, the user needs to accept the invitation sent by email and then create an Astro account or log in.

## Update or remove an Organization user

See [User permissions](user-permissions.md) to view the permissions for each available Organization role.

1. In the Cloud UI, click the **People** tab.
   
2. Find the user in the **mMembers** table and click **Edit**.
   
3. Optional. Edit the user's role. See [User permissions](user-permissions.md). 
   

> 4. If you're updating the user's role, click **Update Member**. If you're deleting the user, click **Remove member**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If you updated the user's role, click **Update member**. To delete the user, click **Remove member**.
```

4. Select the user's name and email address in the **Organization Member** list.
   
5. Select a role for the user and then click **Add Member**. See [User permissions](user-permissions.md).

6. Click **Add member**.

>     After you add the user, their information appears in the **Access** tab as a new entry in the **Members** table. To access the Workspace, the user needs to accept the invitation sent by email and log in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After you add the user, their information appears in the **Access** tab as a new entry in the **Members** list. To access the Workspace, the user needs to accept the invitation sent by email and log in.
```

## Update or remove a Workspace user

1. In the Cloud UI, select a Workspace.
   
2. Click **Workspace Settings**.

3. Click **Edit** next to the user name:

    ![Edit Workspace user button](/img/docs/edit-workspace-user.png)

4. Optional. Edit the user's name and role. See [User permissions](user-permissions.md).
   

> 5. If you're updating the user's role, click **Update Member**. If you're deleting the user, click **Remove member**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If you've updated the user's role, click **Update member**. To delete the user, click **Remove member**.
```
